Make self-driving docs bolder and more actionable (#18369)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-driving/inbox/implementation.mdx

Your job is to review the code the same way you would any other pull request, then click **Merge** when you're happy with it. If something needs tweaking, you can chat with the implementation agent directly and it'll make the changes you ask for.

> Nothing ships without you – the agent opens the PR, but merging is always your call.

Reviewer: on the [overview page](https://23f1457c.posthog-preview.pages.dev/docs/self-driving/inbox#:~:text=Nothing%20ships%20without%20you%2E%20The%20inbox%20is%20where%20you%20stay%20in%20control%20of%20what%20self%2Ddriving%20does), we say: "Nothing ships without you. The inbox is where you stay in control of what self-driving does."

do you have a preference? we should probably align when we use that line.

Author: ```suggestion
Nothing ships without you. The inbox is where you stay in control of what self-driving does.
```

Author: Aligned via Joe's suggestion – this page now closes with the same line as the inbox overview.
